## Problem Statement ##
There is no secure and private open source video conferencing solution available for organizations or individuals who need meeting host controls and/or password protection of the meetings unless they already have or know how to host a secure and private public facing server.

## Project Scope ##
This project will address this need by providing instructions on setting up a private and secure dedicated Jitsi Meet server for a video conference for a few people, either in the cloud or stand alone, appropriate for utilization by a small organization or individual. The project will run in the open source Jitsi community on github and invite comments and contributions from the open source community, including inviting an independent security audit from the open source community.  Secondarily to privacy and security, ease of use will also be a design goal with the intended audience being a technically savvy individual with some familiarity with linux, but lacking any experience with the required individual components (setting up a server, firewalls, DNS domain registration, etc.)

The deliverables for the project will be a complete default server installation guide for a private and secure dedicated Jitsi Meet server with software and hardware recommendations, firewall rules and deployment, how to obtain a hostname, TLS certificate, typical server configuration for meetings (requiring a password for use of the service and restricting certain privileges, like muting a particpant, to the meeting host) and management policy.  Security documents will also include a threat model, security and maintenance policies.  As noted, there will be guides for both a cloud and a stand alone solution.  While the cloud solution requires some compromise of privacy (you must trust the cloud provider), it may be the most popular option as it has will likely have the lowest fixed cost and can easily scale to larger groups if required.  As the cloud solution is anticipated to be the most popular solution, it will be developed first and the stand alone solution will be a derivative work.

By running the project on Github, the intent is that the solution will be independently tested and audited by the open source community and those wanting to run their own Jitsi Meet server and their comments will be considered and incorporated where appropriate.
